README.md, before:

# Project 1 - Hangry App
An app that generates a recipe either randomly, or with a selected category, to help hungry users decide what to cook.

## Technologies Used:
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- jQuery
- [TheMealDB API](https://www.themealdb.com/api.php)
- Google Fonts

## Screenshots
![Initial Page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/initialwebpage.PNG)
![Page after Render](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/renderwebpage.PNG)

### Wireframe
![Initial Page Concept](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/wireframe1.PNG)
![Page after Render Concept](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/wireframe2.PNG)

## Getting Started
Click <a href="https://cocampo0915.github.io/Project-1-Web-App/" target="_blank">here</a> to view the app

## Future Enhancements
- Improve responsive layout for mobile devices.
- Make JavaScript code more DRY.
- Make site look prettier.

Commit message:

wip: added netlify link on README

README.md, after:

# Project 1 - Hangry App
An app that generates a recipe either randomly, or with a selected category, to help hungry users decide what to cook.

## Technologies Used:
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- jQuery
- [TheMealDB API](https://www.themealdb.com/api.php)
- Google Fonts

## Screenshots
![Initial Page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/initialwebpage.PNG)
![Page after Render](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/renderwebpage.PNG)

### Wireframe
![Initial Page Concept](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/wireframe1.PNG)
![Page after Render Concept](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cocampo0915/Project-1-Web-App/master/img/wireframe2.PNG)

## Getting Started
Click <a href="https://cocampo0915.github.io/Project-1-Web-App/" target="_blank">here</a> to view the app on Github Pages.

Alternatively also hosted on <a href="https://hangryapp.netlify.app/" target="_blank">Netlify</a>.

## Future Enhancements
- Improve responsive layout for mobile devices.
- Make JavaScript code more DRY.
- Make site look prettier.
